Describe objective section in root README (#33)
meaboutsoftware/evolutionary-architecture: README.adoc

- Modular Monolith
- Microservices
- Domain-Driven Design
- Clean, Onion, Hexagonal Architecture

as if each of the above were the only possible solution. And that is the problem - it is very rare that any single material shows you a concrete decision path or mix of the above approaches.

Often the examples you find are either too trivial or too complex. Sometimes they are harmful because they misunderstand different concepts. As a result, it is very difficult to take just one and follow some patterns for your own application.

_It depends_ - one of the most overused phrases. Well, it always depends on something, but there are always heuristics to help you decide.

In summary, if you are looking for a journey - not just a single article describing a solution - look no further. It starts here, in this repo.

### Proposed Solution
Our solution should be read like a story and is divided into 4 chapters:

**Chapter 1:** Initial architecture

**Chapter 2:** Projects Separation

**Chapter 3:** Microservice Extraction

**Chapter 4:** Domain Model

> In each chapter we describe the evolution of the architecture of a selected domain. We apply everything we have learned over many years of software development - our goal is to help you avoid making the same mistakes we have. This way you can be sure that your architecture will not be too trivial for too long, or too complex from the start. Treat it as a guide, something you can come back to as often as you like.

Reviewer: Our repo name is "Evolutionary Architecture". I think will be nice to mention about Architecture evolution here. What you think?

Author: Done

What we focus on:

- Selected business domain analysis
- Split the domain into subdomains (core and supporting)
- Choice of architectural pattern
- Evolution from monolithic to modular
- Evolution to a mix of modular monolith and microservices
- Applying Domain-Driven Design to a core module
- Backend (.NET) with minimal API
- Loose coupling
- Architecture decision log
- Good coding practices

What we do not focus on:

- Frontend (you can use React, Vue, Angular, Svelte or anything else)
- Logging (you can use https://serilog.net/[Serilog])
- Request validation (you can use https://docs.fluentvalidation.net/en/latest[Fluent Validation])

> - Contract testing (you can use https://github.com/VerifyTests/Verify[Verify])

Reviewer: I haven't seen verify used to to contract testing. I suggest recommend pact-net to this type of tests
```suggestion
- Contract testing (you can use https://github.com/pact-foundation/pact-net[PactNet])
```

Author: Verify is not that popular for this type of testing but works pretty well :)

We can suggest the most popular option, no problem

Reviewer: Please send me in DM, examples if you have :D I'm curious how this works :D
